Satchmo Features
=====================
  
Current Features
----------------
Satchmo is built using the Django framework.  Using this framework has a number 
of advantages for building an online shopping site.  Some of them include:

-   A built in Object-relational mapper makes it easy to create and/or modify our 
    models and have the underlying database created for you.  The ORM also makes it 
    easy to make simple references to complex relationships without being an SQL 
    expert.  If you need to drop down to SQL you can.
-   An automatic admin interface makes it easy for you to get up and running 
    quickly and see all the data in an easy to use set of forms.  The permission 
    system also allows you to give selective access to different people on your 
    team.
-   Flexible URL design that is helpful for making your site look professional 
    and show up well in search engines.
-   Powerful template system that allows you to configure every aspect of your 
    site.  The included reference implementation shows you a very basic site but 
    with Django's template you can easily make your site as unique and complex as 
    you'd like.
-   Proven performance including a robust caching system.  This is one of the 
    most critical aspects of an online store.  If you make it big and realize your 
    old site can't handle the load, you're in a difficult place.
-   Security is also a primary component for any online site these days.  
    Django's session management capabilities makes it more secure by not encoding 
    session ID's in urls so that session-ID theft is not possible via the "Referrer" header.  
    Also, Django takes care of escaping SQL statements so that SQL injection attacks are    
    not possible.
-   Robust internationalization support in all phases of a project allow you to 
    tailor your site to different countries and languages.

Django clearly sets Satchmo up to be a robust framework for your store.  The 
Satchmo framework is still in development but already provides a number 
of very sophisticated features.  Some highlights include:

-   A robust customer model that allows you to maintain unlimited addresses for 
    each of your customers as well as customer specific notes and information.
-   Customer orders can have multiple statuses so it's easy for you to track your 
    interactions.
-   A full localization model that is pre-loaded with over 250 countries and 
    information about their subdivisions including states, counties or other 
    divisions.
-   An extremely flexible category model that allows you to have deeply nested 
    categories to help your users find products quickly.
-   A sophisticated product model that allows you to describe and categorize the 
    products as well as link them to related products.  You can feature certain 
    products and store item dimensions in order to use for product shippping.  You 
    can also associate as many product options (sizes, colors, etc) with a product 
    and manage them in a very simple way.  This feature allows you to manage a 
    large number of unique products without a lot of very time consuming steps.  
    Each of these unique items can have price changes or other configurable changes 
    based on your needs.
-   Products also have the capability to have multiple images associated with 
    them.  Each image is automatically scaled to a thumbnail size of your choosing 
    and is automatically cached for maximum performance.
-   Support for Authorize.net and Trust Commerce credit card processing.
-   Support for accepting paypal.
-   Google analytics, google addwords and sitemaps support.
-   Support for invoice, packing slip and shipping label creation and printing.
-   Fine grained ssl support to secure certain urls in your store.
-   Store product search functionality.
-   Tax calculations based on your unique requirements.
-   Flexible pricing and discounting model.
-   Mailman integration for newsletter management.
-   Flexible email notifications for purchases and account signup.
-   Full Account management features (logout, password reset and change password functionality).
-   User configurable shipping modules.
-   Ability to rate and/or comment on store products
-   Regression test suite to catch bugs early.
-   Simple inventory management screens.
-   Downloadable product types

Features for future releases
----------------------------

-   Additional payment modules
-   Additional translations
-   Multiple price tiers

